Marigold Update: v1-1 models, Intrinsic Image Decomposition pipeline, documentation (#10884)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/using-diffusers/marigold_usage.md

> # Marigold Pipelines for Computer Vision Tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Marigold Computer Vision
```

| [prs-eth/marigold-depth-v1-1](https://huggingface.co/prs-eth/marigold-depth-v1-1)                   | Depth        | Affine-invariant depth prediction assigns each pixel a value between 0 (near plane) and 1 (far plane), with both planes determined by the model during inference. |
| [prs-eth/marigold-normals-v0-1](https://huggingface.co/prs-eth/marigold-normals-v0-1)               | Normals      | The surface normals predictions are unit-length 3D vectors in the screen space camera, with values in the range from -1 to 1.                                     |
| [prs-eth/marigold-iid-appearance-v1-1](https://huggingface.co/prs-eth/marigold-iid-appearance-v1-1) | Intrinsics   | InteriorVerse decomposition is comprised of Albedo and two BRDF material properties: Roughness and Metallicity.                                                   | 
| [prs-eth/marigold-iid-lighting-v1-1](https://huggingface.co/prs-eth/marigold-iid-lighting-v1-1)     | Intrinsics   | HyperSim decomposition of an image \\(I\\) is comprised of Albedo \\(A\\), Diffuse shading \\(S\\), and Non-diffuse residual \\(R\\): \\(I = A*S+R\\).            | 

> The examples below are mostly given for depth prediction, but they can be universally applied with other supported 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The examples below are mostly given for depth prediction, but they can be universally applied to other supported 
```

  </div>
</div>

## Depth Prediction

> To get the first depth prediction, load `prs-eth/marigold-depth-v1-1` checkpoint into `MarigoldDepthPipeline` pipeline, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a depth prediction, load the `prs-eth/marigold-depth-v1-1` checkpoint into [`MarigoldDepthPipeline`], 
```

depth_16bit[0].save("einstein_depth_16bit.png")
```

> The visualization function for depth 
> [`~pipelines.marigold.marigold_image_processing.MarigoldImageProcessor.visualize_depth`] applies one of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`~pipelines.marigold.marigold_image_processing.MarigoldImageProcessor.visualize_depth`] function applies one of 
```

[matplotlib's colormaps](https://matplotlib.org/stable/users/explain/colors/colormaps.html) (`Spectral` by default) to map the predicted pixel values from a single-channel `[0, 1]` 
depth range into an RGB image.

> With the `Spectral` colormap, pixels with near depth are painted red, and far pixels are assigned blue color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `Spectral` colormap, pixels with near depth are painted red, and far pixels are blue.
```

The 16-bit PNG file stores the single channel values mapped linearly from the `[0, 1]` range into `[0, 65535]`.

> Below are the raw and the visualized predictions; as can be seen, dark areas (mustache) are easier to distinguish in 
> the visualization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are the raw and the visualized predictions. The darker and closer areas (mustache) are easier to distinguish in 
the visualization.
```

  </div>
</div>

## Surface Normals Estimation

> Load `prs-eth/marigold-normals-v1-1` checkpoint into `MarigoldNormalsPipeline` pipeline, put the image through the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Load the `prs-eth/marigold-normals-v1-1` checkpoint into [`MarigoldNormalsPipeline`], put the image through the 
```

pipeline, and save the predictions:

```python
import diffusers
import torch

pipe = diffusers.MarigoldNormalsPipeline.from_pretrained(
    "prs-eth/marigold-normals-v1-1", variant="fp16", torch_dtype=torch.float16
).to("cuda")

image = diffusers.utils.load_image("https://marigoldmonodepth.github.io/images/einstein.jpg")

normals = pipe(image)

vis = pipe.image_processor.visualize_normals(normals.prediction)
vis[0].save("einstein_normals.png")
```

> The visualization function for normals 
> [`~pipelines.marigold.marigold_image_processing.MarigoldImageProcessor.visualize_normals`] maps the three-dimensional 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`~pipelines.marigold.marigold_image_processing.MarigoldImageProcessor.visualize_normals`] maps the three-dimensional 
```

  </div>
</div>

As can be seen, all areas with fine-grained structurers, such as hair, got more conservative and on average more 
correct predictions.
Such a result is more suitable for precision-sensitive downstream tasks, such as 3D reconstruction.

> ## Quantitative Evaluation

Reviewer: I would move this section closer towards the bottom since most users are probably more curious about learning how to use Marigold rather than evaluating it

Author: Done!

To evaluate Marigold quantitatively in standard leaderboards and benchmarks (such as NYU, KITTI, and other datasets), 
follow the evaluation protocol outlined in the paper: load the full precision fp32 model and use appropriate values 
for `num_inference_steps` and `ensemble_size`.
Optionally seed randomness to ensure reproducibility. 
Maximizing `batch_size` will deliver maximum device utilization.

```python
import diffusers
import torch

device = "cuda"
seed = 2024

generator = torch.Generator(device=device).manual_seed(seed)
pipe = diffusers.MarigoldDepthPipeline.from_pretrained("prs-eth/marigold-depth-v1-1").to(device)

image = diffusers.utils.load_image("https://marigoldmonodepth.github.io/images/einstein.jpg")

depth = pipe(
    image, 
    num_inference_steps=4,  # set according to the evaluation protocol from the paper
    ensemble_size=10,       # set according to the evaluation protocol from the paper
    generator=generator,
)

# evaluate metrics
```

> ## Using Predictive Uncertainty

Reviewer: This can be a level-3 section under "Maximizing precision and ensembling" since they're both related to ensembling
